---
layout: page
title: FAQ
---

h2. What is Continuators?

Continuators is a new way for you to keep your favourite TV-Series going! The world’s
favorite TV-Series sometimes get canceled because the ratings may be not good enough
for a TV-network to continue production, but still there are millions of fans all over
the world who would gladly pre-order a season pass to make future episodes possible.
Continuators makes it possible to aggregate that demand by creating a community off
fans around each project that make their intent of preordering the series known tot he
production companies and the series creators.

h3. All-or-nothing funding?

Every project on Continuators must be have the minimum amount of pre-orders that
we’ve set at a general 29,99$ per season per series before the deadline expires.

If a series does not find enough support no one gets charged. You know the drill from
your favorite daily-deal sites: if you want to help a project reach its goal, spread the
word and let all of your friends know about it!

h3. What’s the deal?

When you register for the pre-order of a season pass you do not yet need to commit any
money or payment details to us. It might sound strange but we trust the fans to pay up,
once enough people have signed up for a series and the production companies say yes to
a new season just for us fans!

h3. What projects are featured on Continuators?

We love TV-Series and that’s what we do: series only! Continuators focuses on
renowned, world-class TV-Series that either have been canceled o rare on the verge of
being canceled.

h3. How do I buy a deal?

Found a TV-Series you want to Support? Great! Just register your wish to pre-order
another season. And again: don’t worry. AT this stage we want nothing but your support
and that you spread the word to your friends so that we get enough people together for
your favourite series.

If, and only if, a series reaches the required number of people wishing to pre-order the
series AND if the producers have agreed to produce another season for us, will we send
you an Email asking you to provide us with payment details and paying for your season
upfront with everybody else.

h3. If funding does not succeed do supporters pay anything?

No!

h3. Do I get notified if a series I've supported succeeds?

We’ll send you an email when the offer ends, no matter the outcome.

h3. Can I pay with a check? Send cash by mail?

Sorry, Continuators will only support credit card payments or Paypal.

h3. Can I cancel an order?

Of course. You can cancel an order fourteen days after we’ve sent you the notification
that the series has been successfully funded and you have provided payment details.

h3. Where does Continuators get the projects from?

Honestly: we just put our favourite cancelled or soon-to be-ending series on our site and
hope that enough people spread the word. Once we have a serious enough commitment
by our community for a series we talkt he producers and show creators to see if we can
get a deal for our members.

h2. Account Setup

h3. How can I change the email address associated with my account?

Make sure you’re logged in to Continuators and go to your account page.

h3. How do I adjust which emails I receive?

Make sure you’re logged in to Continuators and go to your notifications page.

h3. I forgot my password, how do I log in?

You can request a password reset at the bottom of the login page.

h3. How can I log in using my Facebook account?

You can sign in with Facebook using the Facebook login button on the login page.

h3. How do I disconnect my Facebook account?

Log in to Continuators through Facebook, then go to your account settings to disconnect
from Facebook and set a password on your account page.

h3. How do I delete my account?

Your account can be deleted from your account page. Warning: this is not reversible!

h2. About

h3. How can I contact Continuators?

There's a "Contact" button at the bottom of each page.

h3. Who is the team behind Continuators?

Its Benjamin Kampmann, David Groenewold and Dr. Florian Resatsch. Home base is
Berlin, Germany and Los Angeles, California. Check out our team page!