---
layout: page
title: Privacy
---

Data Privacy Statement 

1. Data Collection, Processing and Use
On the occasion of your registration on www.continuators.com you provide details about your personal or other conditions such as name, address, email address, telephone number. 
On the occasion that enough pre-orders for the continuation of a TV-Series are collected you will the also be asked to provide bank. or credit card details (“Personal Data”). This Personal Data will be handled by Continuators UG iGr (klick: impressum) („Continuators“), respectively by the involved payment provider with regard to the method of payment, in strict confidence according to the legal provisions. The Data will only be collected, processed and used for the purpose of executing the contract, unless you expressly consent to other uses. The Data are collected, used and processed electronically. 
2. Data Use
Continuators will only pass Data to third parties if this is required for statutory or legal reasons and/or if this is required in order to offer and implement services of Continuators to you and/or if Continuators has your explicit consent to do so.
Continuators is entitled to pass information on to third parties in case these parties take over services on behalf of Continuators, for example settle payment transactions. 
Continuators shall be entitled to collect, process and use your master and connection data for the purpose of identifying, delimiting and removing malfunctions and errors in the telecommunication systems. If the requirements are met, Continuators may collect, process and use the master and connection data that are necessary to uncover any unlawful use of the telecommunication systems and services. In accordance with prevailing legal provisions, Continuators may provide information to criminal prosecution authorities and courts for prosecution purposes. Upon request, Continuators shall provide you with the information on the stored Data relating to your person, free of charge and without delay. The information can be provided electronically, if desired. Apart from this, Continuators will not pass on your Data without your explicit prior consent. 
3. Newsletter
Continuators may send you a newsletter with information about the TV-Series  presented on its website and other information regarding its services, if you have explicitly ordered this newsletter. You may cancel the newsletter at any time and free of charge by using the link in the newsletter.
4. Google Analytics und Cookies
Continuators uses Google Analytics, a service for the marketing analysis of this website, of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses codes consisting of text and numbers, which will be stored on your computer and which allow for an analysis of the use of the website (“Cookies”). The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transferred to and stored by a Google Server. Google will use this information, to evaluate your use of the website, to prepare reports about the website activities for the website operators and to provide further services connected to the use of websites and the use of the Internet. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if legally obliged to do so or if third parties process these data on behalf of Google. In no case, Google will connect your IP address with other data from Google. 
You can remove or deactivate such Cookies using the settings of your computer; in such a case you might not be able to fully use all functions of this website. By using this website you agree to the processing of your Data by Google to the extent and purpose stated above. 
5. Facebook Plugins
The Website of Continuators integrates Plugins of the social network HYPERLINK “http://www.facebook.com” www.facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA („Facebook“). You can identify the Facebook Plugins by the Facebook-Logo or the Like-Button. 
If you click on the button “Connect with Facebook”, the Facebook Plugin will be activated and sets up a direct connection between your browser and Facebook. Continuators cannot review, which data is transferred during this direct connection to Facebook or how Facebook uses this data. The information, which webpages of Continuators you have visited, will be transmitted. If you have logged on to Facebook, this information will be connected to your Facebook Account and can be associated with your person. The same applies, if you click on the Like-Button and if you make comments. You can avoid the data transfer to Facebook by not clicking on the Facebook Button. You can receive additional information concerning the further use and storage of your Personal Data by Facebook Inc. at: http://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php. 
6. Data Protection
Continuators explicitly notifies you, that data protection and data privacy during data transfer via open networks such as the Internet cannot be completely guaranteed under the current state of technology. You understand and acknowledge that the provider can view, in technical terms, the pages stored on the web server and, perhaps, other data stored on such server at any time. 
7. Validity of the Data Protection Regulation
Continuators shall be entitled to change this Data Privacy Statement by observing the applicable data protection provisions. Whenever this Privacy Statement is changed, Continuators will notify this on its website. 
8. Contact
Should you have further questions concerning the Data Privacy Provisions, please do not hesitate to contact us at: data@continuators.com. 
