---
layout: page
title: Terms
---

General Terms and Conditions (Conditions) of 
Continuators UG, Berlin

§ 1 Applicability
1.1 The following General Terms and Conditions apply to all business
relations between Continuators UG („Continuators“) and the users of its online
portal („Users“) in the version applicable at the time of concluding the
contract. Continuators will not accept Users’ conditions, which deviate from
these Conditions, unless explicitly agreed upon in writing.
1.2 Continuators reserves the right to modify its Conditions at any time,
particularly in order to implement legal requirements or functional
changes. The modified Conditions apply to contracts, which have already
been concluded, if Continuators informs the User about the modifications, the
User does not object within 6 weeks in writing or in text form according
to Section 126 b of the German Civil Code (BGB) vis-a-vis Continuators to
these changes and if he has been informed about the legal consequences
of abstaining from an objection.
1.3 At any time, the Conditions may be viewed, printed and
downloaded at www.Continuators.com.
§ 2 Community Portal

2.1 Continuators operates the community portal www.Continuators.com (the
“Portal”), on which TV-Series (the „Series“) are presented
to the public and a campaign to aggregate pre-orders to finance further episodes and production of such series is undertaken
Users have the possibility to receive information about TV-Series
and to express and pledge support financially for the respective seies lodging their intent to purchase the next seasons of a series. 

2.2 Continautors presents basic information concerning the
series on www.Continuators.com. Each User has the possibility, to
gather basic information about the presented Series Projects. Via the
Portal, the User also has access to general information with regard to
the ordering procedures and to Continuators. 

2.3 Each User has the possibility to register as a participant by
setting up a User account (the „Registered User“). Registered Users may
a) make their intent known to purchase an order of a next to be produced season of a series and
b)at a later stage pay for such a a pre-order if the producers of the series and continuators UG have concluded a production agreement on the series.

§ 3 Registration and User Account
3.1 A prerequisite for the purchase of products offered by Continuators
is the User’s registration by setting up a User account (the “User
Account”). In the course of registration, the User shall accept
Continuators’s Terms and Conditions. The registration is free of charge. 

3.2 Only natural persons of full age and of unlimited legal
capacity, legal entities and partnerships are allowed to register. 

3.3 Continuators may check or have checked the data provided by the User
for plausibility and refuse or revoke the registration. 

3.4 Each User may only set up one User Account. 

3.5 When registering, the User shall provide true, complete and
correct data. If the given data changes after registration, the User is
obliged to correct the data in his User Account immediately. 

3.6 During the registration, the User selects a username and
password (the „Access Data“), which he will need for future login. The
User shall ensure that the Access Data will not become known by a third
party. He shall inform Continuators immediately about any improper use of the
Access Data or the User Account under data@Continuators.com. The same shall
apply if there are any indications of imminent improper use of the
Access Data or of the User Account. Should third parties receive access
to products offered by Continuators, through the abuse of Access Data due to
fault of the User, the User shall be liable for any damage to Continuators.
Continuators shall not be liable for damages, which result from the abuse or
loss of the Access Data. 
3.7 The User may delete his User Account at any time. 

§ 4 Products offered by Continuators
4.1 The Registered User may purchase certain products or a voucher
within a specified period of time. On the Portal, the respective product
description substantiates the products offered by Continuators. 
4.2 The products offered by Continuators may only be acquired, if within
a specified period of time (the „Funding Period“) the amount of money
specified on the project pages (the „Funding Goal“) is reached or
exceeded. Otherwise, no contract will be concluded between the User and
Continuators. 
§ 5 Contract conclusion
5.1 The presentation of the range of products on the Portal
represents a non-binding invitation to the User to order these
products or register his interest to purchase these projects (like the next season of his favourite series) should they become available.
5.2 On the Portal, the Registered User may select one or more
products of a specified Series Project for purchase. When continuing the
ordering process, the details of his order, including the total purchase
price including VAT (the “Total Purchase Price”), will be displayed. The
Registered User will be asked to accept the Conditions. By clicking on
“Place your Order” the User submits his or her order finally and
bindingly. At that time, the User’s payment data are registered, but
Continuators does not yet charge the Total Purchase Price. Within a short
period of time, the User will receive via email from Continuators a
confirmation of receipt of his order, which does not yet constitute an
acceptance. 
5.3 The acceptance of the purchase contract concerning one or
several products offered by Continuators, only occurs under the condition
precedent that the Funding Goal indicated on Continuators’s website will be
reached within the Funding Period and that Continuators informs the User
accordingly via Email (the „Acceptance“). 
5.4 After the conclusion of the contract or with the acceptance,
Continuators sends the user an Email, in which he is aked to provide payment details to the
email address provided for this purpose by the User. If at the end of
the Funding Period the Funding Goal is not reached, Continuators informs the
User, that no contract has been concluded and that no mutual obligations
exist. 
§ 6 Payment
6.1 The Total Purchase Price is due and payable 15 days after
Acceptance by Continuators and the Users provision of paymnet details. 

6.2 Continuators only accepts those forms of payment offered to the User
within the context of the respective Series Project. 

6.3 The Registered User may offset claims arising from this contract
only against undisputed or legally determined claims.
6.4 Products offered by Continuators remain the property of Continuators until
receipt of the Total Purchase Price by Continuators. In the event of default
in payment, Continuators is entitled to block the User’s Account and / or
invalidate issued vouchers. 
§ 7 Right of Revocation and Instructions on the Right of
Revocation
Instruction on the Right of Revocation 
Right of Revocation 
If you are a customer, you may revocate your contractual statement in text form (e.g. letter, fax, email) within 14 days without stating any reasons or – if the product has been sent to you before the expiry of this period – by sending back the product. 
The revocation period begins upon receipt of these instructions in text form, however not before receipt of the product by the customer (in case of recurring deliveries of products of the same kind not before the day on which the first part delivery reaches the receiver) and also not before we have performed our information duties according to article 246 section 2 in conjunction with section 1, subsections 1 and 2 of the Introductory Act to the German Civil Code (EGBGB) and our duties under section 312 e, subsection 1, first sentence of the German Civil Code (BGB) in conjunction with article 246 section 3 of the Introductory Act to the German Civil Code (EGBGB). To meet the revocation deadline it is sufficient to dispatch the declaration of revocation or the received products in time. 
The revocation is to be addressed to:
Continuators UG
Brunnenstrasse 4
10119 Berlin

E-Mail: revocation@Continuators.com 
Consequences of Revocation
In the event of a valid revocation, the mutually received services and any benefit thereof (such as interest) have to be returned. If you are unable to return the received service either in part or in full, or only in deteriorated condition, you may be obliged to pay compensation for lost value. Regarding the delivery of products, this does not apply, if the deterioration of the product is exclusively due to it having been inspected by you, as you might have done in a shop. Apart from that, you may avoid the obligation to pay compensation for lost value due to any deterioration caused by the use of the product in accordance with its purpose, by not using the product like your own property and refraining from doing anything that impairs its value. 
Products that can be sent by parcel post are to be returned at our costs and our risk. Products that cannot be sent by parcel post will be picked up from you. Obligations to refund payments have to be fulfilled within 30 days. The term begins for you upon the sending of your declaration of revocation or dispatch of the product, and for us upon its receipt. 
End of the instructions on the Right of Revocation
§ 8 No Right of Revocation for Entrepreneurs
In the event the User demanding products provided by Continuators is
acting as an entrepreneur (section 14 of the German Civil Code, BGB), in
the exercise of a commercial or self-employed professional activity, he
has no right of revocation. 
§ 9 Warranty
9.1 Continuators warrants, that the issued vouchers can be redeemed
according to the terms agreed upon at the time of conclusion of the
contract. 
9.2 The description of the Series Projects contains neither any
warranted quality nor any guarantee. The Series Producer and continuators is entitled to
make changes to the Series Project at any time. 
9.3 The Series Projects presented on Continuators’s Portal will be financed
and produced independently from Continuators’s participation. The purchase of
the products offered by Continuators is no precondition for the production of
the Series Project. 
§ 10 Liability
10.1 Continuators shall only be liable for willful intent or gross
negligence. 
10.2 Continuators shall not be liable for slight negligence, if no
essential contractual obligation is violated, as far as no guarantee has
been agreed upon for the quality of a product, as far as there is no
maliciously concealed defect, default or impossibility for which Continuators
is responsible. In case of slightly negligent violation of essential
contractual duties, the fulfillment of which is required for the due
execution of a contract and the observance of which the Purchaser relies
on and may rely on, the claim for damages shall be limited to the amount
of typically predictable damage. The above limitation of liability does
not apply to claims for damages that result from injury to life, body or
health. The liability according to the German Product Liability Act
(Produkthaftungsgesetz) remains unaffected.
10.3 As far as Continuators’s liability is excluded or limited, the same
applies for the personal liability of Continuators’s employees,
representatives and agents.
10.4 Liability for subsequent damage, for instance loss of earnings
and similar indirect damage and compensation for useless expenditures
and liability for the property defined in section 11.1 is excluded. 
10.5 Under the current state of technology, due to maintenance work
or interference with communication networks of third parties, data
transfer via open networks such as the Internet cannot be completely
guaranteed to be available any time and error-free. Therefore, Continuators
does not ensure constant and uninterrupted availability of its Community
Portal or the absence of technical failure or data loss. Continuators cannot
guarantee that its website is virus-free. The User shall take all
necessary safety measures and install the latest security updates, in
order to prevent viruses. 
10.6 The User shall secure his data and the emails received from
Continuators, which contain vouchers, in accordance with the current state of
technology. 
§ 11 Copyrights
11.1 Continuators reserves all copyrights and similar rights with regard
to the products and services offered on the Portal. The information,
pictures, videos and databases displayed, published and made available
on the Portal (the “Intellectual Property”) with regard to the Series
Projects as well as the content of the EST-Download are the property of
the respective Series Producers, not of Continuators. Continuators does not verify
the legal basis of the copyrighted property. The User is obliged to
recognize and comply with the copyrights. No copyright, right of use or
other property right with regard to the content will be transferred to
the User, if not these Conditions and / or the information given during
the purchase of the respective product stipulate otherwise. 
11.2 Any modification, reproduction, publication, creation of works
derived from it, transfer to third parties, distribution, posting on the
internet or on other networks, storage, use of altered versions and / or
different utilization of the Intellectual Property without prior written
consent of Continuators is therefore expressly prohibited. The Intellectual
Property may be used solely for private, non-commercial purposes under
strict observation of the copyright provisions. 
11.3 If Continuators offers to the User a voucher for the download of the
Series depending on availability on the market, for instance on iTunes,
(the “EST-Download”), the User acquires the simple, non-transferable,
and before full payment of the purchase price by Continuators revocable
right, to use the respective Series exclusively for the personal use
according to the German Copyright Law (Urhebergesetz, UrhG) in the
manner offered. 
§ 12 Data Protection
12.1 Continuators undertakes to handle all personal User data (name,
address, email address, telephone number, bank details, credit card
details) in strict confidence according to statutory provisions and to
collect, process, store and use the data only for the purpose of
executing the contract, unless the User expressly consents to other
uses. The data are collected, used and processed electronically. A
separate Datenschutzerklärung (Data Privacy Statement) states more
detailed information.
12.2 The User consents explicitly to the collection, use and
processing of his or her personal data.
12.3 By selecting “Order Newsletter” the User expressly agrees that
his or her address and email may be used for occasional information via
Continuators’s newsletter. The consent may be withdrawn by informal
declaration at any time. 
§ 13 Venue and Applicable Law
13.1 For these Conditions and all legal relations between the User
and Continuators, German Law shall apply without the provisions of the German
Conflict of Laws and the International Sale of Goods. If the User is a
consumer, the legal provisions and rights in the country of the User’s
residence remain unaffected. 

13.2 Jurisdiction over any disputes arising in connection with
Continuators shall lie with the courts in Berlin, Germany, as far as legally
admissible
§ 14 Severability Clause
Should individual provisions of these Conditions shall be or
become void, the validity of the remaining provisions hereof shall in no
way be affected. The parties will undertake to replace the invalid
provision in mutual consent by a valid provision, which approximates the
economic purpose of the invalid provision as closely as possible. The
same shall apply if the provisions are found to be incomplete. 
